[THEME MUSIC]
>>LISA GARR: Hi.
I'm Lisa Garr, host of
"Gaiam Inspirations."
If you were to
tell my guest today
when he was a boy, that he would
be the visionary leader of one
of the world's largest
spiritual organizations,
with a congregation of
hundreds of thousands
worldwide, multiple
community outreach programs
that range from feeding
the homeless to supporting
human rights in
foreign countries,
he would not have
believed you back then.
Well, today I am
honored to be joined
by one of the most
well-respected visionaries
of our time, the founder of,
and the spiritual director,
of the Agape International
Spiritual Center,
Michael Bernard Beckwith.
Thank you so much
for being here.
I just want to say hi.
>>MICHAEL BECKWITH: Thank you.
It's my joy to be here with you.
>>LISA: It is my honor
and I am grateful.
I've known you for a long
time, and it's just so great
to have you here with me.
So, what if somebody were
to tell you that, as a boy?
What would you
have said to them?
>>BECKWITH: As you
said, I probably
wouldn't have believed it.
I wouldn't even know
what that even was.
Even though, as a boy, you
know, there are intuitions
and there are openings.
But from that
particular context,
you don't know what that is.
>>LISA: Well, you created it
from something that wasn't,
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Yeah.
You created it
from the ground up.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: And so, what
gave you that impetus
to create something that
we all know now as Agape?
>>BECKWITH: Well, for me,
I had a spiritual awakening
back in the '70s.
I was attending USC as
a psychobiology major.
And I was on my path at the
time to go to medical school.
And something began
to happen to me.
I began to have these
interesting dreams
and interesting openings.
And ultimately, I was
killed in a lucid dream,
and the pain was
quite excruciating.
And when I woke up
from that, I could
see that we were surrounded
by this universal presence
of such love and such beauty,
that loved me to my core
and loves everyone to its core.
And that sent me on
a path to discover
what had happened to me.
Because I could never
get back in that box.
>>LISA: Ah, you remember
that so vividly now?
Do you remember that?
>>BECKWITH: Oh absolutely.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
>>BECKWITH: Oh no,
it's like yesterday.
>>LISA: Gives me chills
when you said that.
>>BECKWITH: In the verb
and the feeling tone
and the enthusiasm that
happened at that moment,
for me to discover and
rediscover my real self,
is still there
when I wake up now.
And so, one thing led to
another--study, meditation,
prayer, study,
meditation, prayer,
ultimately becoming a
spiritual therapist.
And then answering a
call to do a larger work,
going through the resistance
within myself to do that,
wanting to stay where
I was, and then.
>>LISA: To be safe.
>>BECKWITH: Be safe, secure.
And then at some
point, the energy
that wants to evolve
through you becomes
stronger than the
resistance in you.
And, Agape was born
from that vision.
>>LISA: From your living room.
I remember the stories of you
in your living room, talking
and having these meetings,
just prayer groups,
just as many have.
But it kept growing
and growing because it
was, I mean if you think,
this is your purpose.
This is you living your destiny.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
Everyone has a destiny, and
a dimension of my destiny
was to call a group
of people together
to start a vision
group, in which we
asked a very powerful question.
And the question was, what
would we have to become,
in order to manifest
this community
of unconditional love?
So the question helped us grow
and unfold and actually evolve
to become the vehicles
through which this idea could
come through.
>>LISA: And for people
that may not know Agape,
tell us about the philosophy,
the nondenominational
philosophy that you
created basically.
>>BECKWITH: Well,
basically we call
it a transdenominational
spiritual community, which
means it goes
beyond denomination,
cuts across beyond
denominations,
and embraces the spiritual
truths of all the sacred paths.
And so, we're keenly aware that
this presence that we call God,
love, intelligence is
everywhere in its fullness.
And that we are its image.
We are its likeness.
And that we have the capacity
to reflect and to reveal it.
We have the capacity to
reflect and reveal the cosmos
in a way that has
never happened before.
And so, through affirmative
prayer, meditation, life
visioning, we seek
to open ourselves up
to the infinite
possibilities within us
to make a mighty
difference on the planet
during our time of
our incarnation.
>>LISA: Because those things
that you just mentioned
are universal, truly with
all religions, aren't they?
Through affirmative
prayer, and visioning.
That's really what all religion
does in some form or another,
isn't it?
>>BECKWITH: Well,
ultimately religion
is supposed to take us
to a spiritual encounter,
an existential encounter,
with the Absolute,
with the Presence.
It's not to keep us in
a dogmatic believing
of a particular religion.
It's actually a vehicle
to the transcendent.
And so, we wanted to develop
a community of individuals
that would come and participate
in their own unfolding,
discover their gifts,
give them to the world,
be a beneficial
presence on the planet.
And kind of make a
vow that the world
would be better
before we left it.
You see?
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
I mean there's
statistics out there that
say 90 something
percent of people
believe in God, a
God of some type.
But yet people are moving
away from organized religion,
statistically.
>>BECKWITH: Yes.
>>LISA: In the US, at least.
Have you found that
amongst your congregation?
Do you think that
those people are
the ones that seem to
find you online, as well?
Here there's an online
presence, as well.
>>BECKWITH: Yeah, we
have the survivors
of traditional religion, people
who walked away from religion.
And we have individuals who
used to call themselves atheist.
We have individuals who
would check the box, none,
if, in fact, they say, what
religion do you belong to?
But they did believe
in a higher power.
They believe that there
was some cosmic force that
was behind everything.
So we have all those
people in one room.
Plus we have the Buddhists,
the Sikhs, the Christians,
the Muslims--all there
in the same room,
celebrating the Divine Presence
that's within all of us.
And developing a
spiritual practice
that allows them,
on a daily basis,
to be a candidate for
what I call an existential
encounter with the
Divine, with the Presence.
>>LISA: Oh, yeah.
And being in the community
there, it is so spirit-raising,
and the music ministry and
everything that comes with it
is great.
You've had the opportunity to
have audiences with several
of the leaders of our
country, because they've
caught on to what you're
doing as being something that
is, not only progressive, but
has made a mark in this world.
You had a meeting with Obama,
before he was President
or was it the end of his so
>>BECKWITH: No, that was when
he was running the first time.
>>LISA: First time, OK.
>>BECKWITH: There
was a private meeting
of certain spiritual
leaders, it was
about a block from my house.
>>LISA: That was convenient.
>>BECKWITH: And so, he
had a private meeting
with some of the ministers
and spiritual leaders there.
And then he had a larger meeting
with about 100 people speaking
about his particular plan,
his particular decorations,
his particular vision.
And at that time,
when I heard him speak
and some of the things he
said that really got me,
I told Rickie, I
said, OK I'm in.
>>LISA: Yeah, uh huh.
See, I remember that.
That was a very important time.
So we have a photo
of that, of you,
and that is your wife,
Rickie Byars Beckwith, who
is also the musical
director at the
>>BECKWITH: Music and
Arts Director at Agape.
>>LISA: At Agape.
>>BECKWITH: The musical
genius of our time.
>>LISA: We're going
to take a look at her
and hear some of
her music later.
And then, we also have a
picture of you with Rosa Parks.
This is a little while ago.
Little while ago.
>>BECKWITH: Oh yeah,
my hair was short.
She came to Agape
a couple of times,
and also Coretta Scott
King came and Yolanda King,
the eldest daughter of
Martin Luther King, Jr.
and Coretta Scott.
She was a member of Agape.
>>LISA: I remember.
>>BECKWITH: So, she was there.
We've had the privilege of
hosting and being with people
who got us, who understood that,
though our spiritual community
was so-called off
the beaten path,
once they came and
they heard the message,
they felt the music,
they felt our desire
to make a difference
on the planet,
they got what we were about.
And we were highly endorsed
by some very powerful people.
>>LISA: And so you are making
a difference on the planet.
This is another picture of
you with a past President.
>>BECKWITH: You
know when that was?
That was, that was his
last term in office.
And he called a special
meeting of ministers,
basically saying
what would happen
if the wrong regime
got in office.
He basically said, we will
be in a war within a year,
and that the country
would be bankrupt.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>BECKWITH: And he was correct.
And he knew that at
the end of this term?
>>BECKWITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: And what was
he asking of you?
>>BECKWITH: He was asking us to
make sure that we got the vote
out and make sure that
people really stood up and--
>>LISA: There was nothing
we could have done.
>>BECKWITH: Well, you know,
that's other dialogue because
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>BECKWITH: The Supreme
Court picked a President,
so at that particular time we
didn't really have democracy.
>>LISA: Now, it's interesting.
That was an interesting time.
And on the other side of
the political spectrum,
you have a meeting with His
Holiness, the Dalai Lama.
>>BECKWITH: I've
had the privilege,
I'm the president of the
Association for Global New
Thought.
And for a couple
of years in a row,
we had something called the
Synthesis Dialogues that
was partly hosted by His
Holiness, the Dalai Lama.
So, we would meet
every couple of years
and I had the privilege
to facilitate meetings
with spiritual leaders,
and the world leaders,
with His Holiness.
>>LISA: What has
come out of that?
I mean, do you think that
we can truly change wars
with congregations of
thought and intentionality?
>>BECKWITH: Well, what is
happening is that as every
individual has an intention
to touch into the realm
of peace--and peace is not
the absence of war--peace is
a quality all of its own.
I call it the dynamic, the
dynamic of harmonizing good.
And as people evolve into
that particular space,
you see an evolution moving from
warmongering, tribalism, hate,
moving from the reptilian
brain into a much more
peaceful co-existence.
It is happening, but
like anything, it
doesn't happen overnight.
So if you're asking
me, do I believe
that is someone
holding a vision,
someone praying, someone
changing themselves
from within out, does
that make a difference?
Absolutely it does.
We look at Dr.
Martin Luther King,
Jr. Dr. King did not
say, ladies and gentlemen
I have a complaint.
He said, I have a dream.
And because of that dream,
people galvanized around it
and differences were made.
So, in that same sense,
>>LISA: Over time.
>>BECKWITH: As more
and more people
have a dream, a vision
about the possibility of us,
we have to talk about it.
We have to walk
in that direction.
Yeah.
Changes are being made.
>>LISA: Do you think that
the power is in numbers?
Do you think that some of
the intention experiments
are actually working?
What you're doing with
Agape and bringing it
to an online audience, is
that making a difference?
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
I think it's yes and yes.
The numbers, here's the deal.
All thoughts aren't
created equal.
A thought that's emerging from
a field of unity, of love,
connectedness, that
thought is way more
powerful than a thought that's
emerging from a field of fear,
doubt, and worry.
They're not equal.
When you do biofeedback on
someone, and they're anxious
and they feel fear, the thought
forms have a lower amplitude.
They are in the beta range.
An individual that's
in meditation or prayer
and having a sense of peace, the
thought is a higher frequency.
It's way more powerful.
So you can have less people,
vibrating at a higher level,
making a bigger difference
than a lot of people
vibrating at a lower level.
So, it does make a difference.
So it's not about, there is
a tipping point in numbers,
but it's not as much
as people think.
It's a certain percentage
of the population,
if a certain percentage
of the population
go out of time, meaning they're
in meditation, they're singing,
they're in chant, they're
in prayer, they're in study,
they're in fellowship, it
affects the larger community.
Because a small group of
people in a field of unity
are way more powerful than
a large group of people
in a field of separation.
>>LISA: And it would create,
I'm sure, a vibrational match,
because that would go beyond
just the amount of people
praying.
I'm sure if the amplitude
is high, it would--
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Create a
higher vibration.
>>BECKWITH: Nothing
can separate,
it goes through walls.
I mean, it's non-local,
>>LISA: Right.
>>BECKWITH: So us
sitting here right now,
and talking about peace, and
having an awareness of peace
is affecting somebody in another
part of this city, that's
not even tuning in to us.
They're having a thought
about forgiveness.
about making a better choice.
They're having a thought
about being more patient.
But where's that coming from?
It's coming from people who are
sitting in prayer, meditation,
people having a conversation,
>>LISA: Yes.
>>BECKWITH: And it's
affecting the neurosphere,
the mental atmosphere,
of the planet.
Absolutely.
>>LISA: Wonderful.
And then also, when you
get involved with music,
it kind of, I know when
you add emotion to anything
it intensifies it.
If it's positive and uplifting
and uprising emotion,
like you create with the
ministry, the music ministry,
at Agape.
That is one of the highlights
for me in going--that you can
also experience that it's just
to get that vibration of music
in there.
I know you're a
huge fan of music.
>>BECKWITH: I'm a huge fan?
>>LISA: Yes.
You're a huge fan of music.
>>BECKWITH: I'm the biggest fan.
>>LISA: Yes, you are.
>>BECKWITH: Yes, have
the privilege and honor
that love to have the
Rickie BB, who's I dare say,
one of the musical
geniuses of our time.
In terms of composition,
arrangement, and she
catches sound,
and the vibration,
and turns them into songs.
And it's an amazing
thing, and I always
try to remind the Agape
Nation that we can't take this
for granted.
Because sometimes when you see
a genius at work, it looks easy.
>>LISA: Oh, she
makes it look easy.
>>BECKWITH: But in fact,
>>LISA: That's part
of the reason why.
>>BECKWITH: Yeah, but
that facility is, everyone
can't do that.
Some people sit down for hours
and years, trying to do a song.
I'm not saying she
doesn't have songs
that she's worked on for
long periods of time,
but often it's kind of an
eruption of the spirit.
>>LISA: So, it is.
It's infused.
It's channeled, if you will.
And I see the same
thing happen to you
when you are in the
congregation and talking.
If a vibration happens,
the tonality changes.
I'm sure you've
heard this before,
but what happens to you when you
feel that elevation of spirit
coming through you?
What is that?
>>BECKWITH: It's like, it's
like, I become very blank.
There's nothing there.
And then I'm filled with
this presence of love.
I love everyone in
the congregation.
The information is flowing.
And I have the privilege
to articulate it,
to be as available
as I can to give it
some fluency, some
articulation, some power.
And it's Michael,
it's using Michael,
and so it has my Michael-isms
and my personality
and everything that Michael is.
But I'm keenly aware
that something,
I'm touching something,
transcended to the personality.
And it's not based
on memorization,
it's not based on practice.
It's not based on things I've
studied, even though I have
studied, and things of
that particular nature.
It's a moment of being
available to the energy that
wants to use us all.
Everyone has a
capacity for genius
in some area of their life.
Everyone has a powerful destiny.
>>LISA: So how do we
tap into a little,
an ounce of what you have
become so well-gifted
and practiced with doing?
How do we tap into
an ounce of that?
How do we make ourselves
that open and available?
>>BECKWITH: That
spiritual practice, there
has to be an intentionality.
You have to want it.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
>>BECKWITH: You see.
And generally
speaking, I sometimes
will tell people that
the nation and the world
suffers from intention
deficit disorder.
People don't have any intention.
Basically, they've
inherited their intention
from the society
in which they live,
which is primarily an
acquisition, consumption,
consumer society.
And often times people
don't have the intention
to activate their genius.
They don't have an
intention for creativity.
They don't have the
intention to let
their life be a work of art.
That's not the way they think.
So it begins with intention.
And then from
intention, you have
to develop a level
of spiritual practice
where you become a
candidate for an insight.
And an insight is an event that
takes place in consciousness,
where suddenly you
are aware of something
you didn't know before.
And I say everyone
has that capacity.
The presence, whatever
name you want to call it,
the Presence of God.
Love, Intelligence has
not made one mistake,
does not do do-overs,
does not repeat itself,
and everyone is fully
endowed with the capacity
to have insight, to allow
for their soul to evolve
and their oversoul to unfold.
>>LISA: So though,
not necessarily
if you're in a place of
fear and survival so much,
is what do you hear
as the biggest angst
that people have in
your congregation?
That source of fear?
>>BECKWITH: Well, at
Agape they don't have any.
I'm kidding.
I think as it's a low-level
fear that people live from,
some of it's manufactured
by mass media.
There is a fear of
survive, a fear of dying,
a fear of lack,
loss, limitation.
It's a low-level fear that
people are hypnotized in.
You turn on corporate
media, and you'll
notice there's always
something to be afraid of.
There's some new disease coming,
there's a terrorist happening,
there's always
something going on.
>>LISA: And that may be true.
I mean, those do exist.
>>BECKWITH: Yeah,
those things exist.
However, more
important than that,
the capacity within us to
deal with whatever issue
is bigger than what
we may be facing.
The power within us is
bigger than anything
that we may be
facing in the world.
If there's a problem
in the world,
the answer has
already been created.
And the answer is
within us, but you
can't get to it through fear.
You can only get to it through
revelation and inspiration.
And so you have to
transcend the fear
or walk in the
direction of your faith
and take the fear with
you, until it translates,
transmutes itself into
excitement and then ultimately
enthusiasm.
>>LISA: So whatever
we have inside of us
is much larger
than the fear that
is being touted to us all over.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
And people see
themselves as victims.
They see themselves
as unresourceful.
They see themselves as lacking.
And holding that particular
vision of themselves,
they develop compulsive
behaviors, defense mechanisms,
and coping mechanisms to live
with that idea of themselves
and then try to go out
and make themselves happy.
It's not going to happen.
You have to change
your idea of yourself.
You have to catch
that you really
are a magnificent, luminous
being, full to overflowing
with life and brilliance.
As you begin to fall
in love with that,
then something else happens.
You start to feel and hear
the guidance that's there.
>>LISA: Right.
>>BECKWITH: But as you
used the word earlier,
there has to be a
vibrational match.
And so as you begin to
fall in love with yourself,
suddenly your intuition
starts to work.
You start to hear things, not
audibly, guidance, wisdom.
That starts to generate
the gifts within you,
and suddenly openings
are happening,
opportunities are
taking place, you
are meeting different
people, and suddenly
the issue that was so big,
an answer is showing up.
>>LISA: That's how it happens.
>>BECKWITH: Out of you.
>>LISA: Yes.
That is pretty much the formula
right there for how it happens
is you have to be the
vibrational match for it.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: We actually have a video
of Agape and the experience
just because we've been
talking about it here.
I want you to get a chance
to take a look at what
the experience is
for people when they
come to this vibrational match.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>NARRATOR: Michael
Beckwith's life
is a living testament to
building spiritual community.
Having journeyed through
teachings of East and West,
he evoked a vision of a
transdenominational spiritual
community.
Based upon his faith
and that vision,
he founded the Agape
International Spiritual Center.
Dedicated to the end
of human suffering,
Agape is a global community
that recognizes, honors,
and nurtures the dignity and
uniqueness of all peoples.
They embrace the
transformational and
evolutionary impulse
of our planet
through spiritual
practice, sacred service,
and unconditional love.
Thousands gather weekly
to receive inspiration
at the Agape International
Spiritual Center
as Doctor Beckwith aspires
to cultivate a heart of love
as wide as the world.
He shares this aspiration
with communities abroad,
participating on international
panels with some of the most
advanced spiritual thinkers
alive, including His Holiness,
the Dalai Lama of Tibet, Dr.
[? Te ?] [? Arianti ?] of Sri
Lanka, and Aurn Gandhi,
grandson of Mohandas K. Gandhi.
Dr. Beckwith has received
numerous humanitarian awards,
including the 2004 Africa Peace
Award, Thomas Kilgore Prophetic
Witness Award, Howard
Thurman Stained Glass Window
Award by Morehouse College,
and the Humanitarian
Award of the National conference
for Compassion and justice.
As Dr. Beckwith, his mission,
and the world of evolve,
GlobalWorks develops
and furthers
the Agape's international
outreach programs.
GlobalWorks bridges gaps
between continents and cultures,
building affiliations with
organizations that share
its compassionate vision in
generating international unity.
Agape- a community, a
practice, an embodiment
of evolving consciousness.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: You've created quite an
incredible organization there.
So what you teach
and what you have
through all of the different
ministries-- and I did mention
there's many
different ministries
from the music to
feeding the homeless
to helping foreign countries.
There's even a children's
ministry there.
So you can bring
your kids, and they
can do things that are related
towards goodness as well.
>>BECKWITH: Yes.
>>LISA: But you had
mentioned something key
before is that answer is in us.
It is within you.
Where do we forget that?
At what point does that
get programmed out?
Because it definitely
isn't the norm.
>>BECKWITH: No.
I think that when, as a child,
most children their imagination
is unfettered.
And they have what we
call the beginner's mind.
And they dream big.
They have gigantic possibilities
that are in front of them.
And little by little, we
teach them to be serious
about the world and
about their survival.
And we start to
shrink their dream.
And ultimately, what happens
is, not only does their dream
shrink and fear is injected
about their future,
but then they, somewhere
along the line,
we pick up the idea that our
good is outside of ourselves.
And that the answers are
outside of ourselves,
even the educational
system, if we
want to call it that, it's
the form of kind of a banking
education where we try to
put things into children,
rather than trying
to pull them out.
>>LISA: And they have to spit
them out on test and so forth.
>>BECKWITH: So it's
an antiquated system
that we're living under.
So you put all that
together, and you end up
having adults that are living
life looking for the answers
outside of themselves.
They have-- their vision is not
bigger than their television
screen.
And they're seeking
mainly to survive.
And then, fortunately,
what the universe
has for them is an existential
crisis, midlife crises which
generally is the evolutionary
impulse trying to break them
through the small vision that
they have about themselves.
And so if they
don't anesthetize--
>>LISA: Anesthetize
themselves against it.
>>BECKWITH:
--against the crisis.
They can wake up,
and say, oh, my God.
I've been sleeping
my whole life.
>>LISA: That's what
you hear mostly.
Don't you?
>>BECKWITH: It's
time to wake up.
>>LISA: And so when
people become adults,
they come to an organization
like yours, and they say, wow.
I have forgotten this.
>>BECKWITH: Right.
>>LISA: And this is really way.
Did that happen
to you as a child?
Did you forget that
you were the answer.
>>BECKWITH: I think we all do.
I can remember when
I was very young
having certain experiences
and then seeking to be normal.
I can remember at
the age of 11, having
a very transcended experience
around my 11th birthday.
And I was aware that
something was happening in me.
And I tried to shrink it
to make sure I was still--
>>LISA: Fit in.
>>BECKWITH: Fit in.
I can remember at 16 I was
on radio program called
"Teens Stay in School."
And when that red light
went on going live,
I remember this energy
flowing through me.
And I was articulating all
these wonderful things.
And I learn how to normalize it.
But then when I had
the awakening when
I was in college, I could never
get back in the box again.
That was it.
The box shattered, and
the rest of my life
was spent discovering this
gift that's within us all.
And so yeah.
I think we all forget.
I forgot.
We all forget.
And--
>>LISA: And then,
there's trauma that
also happens which
disconnects us even more.
We have a quick video
that I want to show.
There is a PBS special
that Michael did on PBS.
And there's a whole
great piece that you did.
I want to show you that
video there of the PBS
special of "The Answer Is You."
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>HECTOR ELIZONDO: In times
of challenge and change,
there are key
questions many share.
How could we prosper and grow?
Do research for meaning
or grasp for survival?
>>BECKWITH: Something
within you knows
that there are answers to
those profound question.
I want to evolve.
I want to express myself better.
>>HECTOR ELIZONDO: Join
world-renowned author
and philosopher,
Michel Bernard Beckwith
as we explore and celebrate
all of our human potential.
Michael Bernard Beckwith.
"The Answer Is You."
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: That was great, and I
was there on this particular--
>>BECKWITH: Oh, you were there?
>>LISA: I was there.
I was in the balcony,
and I watched.
And will.i.am
performed, and that
was-- that was an
amazing experience.
And so you have gone on
to teach many people.
And your message has been
well-received by millions
across the country
which I'm so glad to see
that people are waking up.
And do you get a good
response from that?
>>BECKWITH: Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That continues to show,
as a matter of fact.
>>LISA: Great.
>>BECKWITH: It's still playing.
>>LISA: Good.
Well, we needed that.
And I want to also talk
to a lot more about what
is going on with our
state of affairs in terms
of the prophecies we're
hearing out there about 2012
and what types of
fears that we are going
to be anticipating in the news.
And how you feel that
we can be prepared
to work against those or not
even against is maybe the word.
It's to--
>>BECKWITH: I think people,
traditionally, are always
preparing themselves
for worst case
scenarios, the rainy
day, the negative.
And I think that people
now have to learn
to lift their vibration
and prepare for something
bigger than their
imagination, something greater
than they've ever
thought of before.
When we look at the last
30 years on our planet,
30 years ago, you would have to
go into a little small occult
bookstore to find this teaching.
And then, you
would hide the book
because you didn't want
people to think you're crazy.
If people said, if you
said you meditated,
people would say what's that?
Now, people say,
you don't meditate?
And--
>>LISA: Right.
Right.
>>BECKWITH: And
metaphysical and mystical
teachings, it's a
billion dollar industry.
So within the last
30 years, there's
been a great shift
that hasn't come
with tremendous celebration.
It's just come very,
very naturally.
>>LISA: Hold that's
thought one quick second
because I want to
hear more about that.
We're going to go onto a
whole life visioning process.
But we're going to
take a quick break.
When we come back, we'll be back
with Reverend Michael Bernard
Beckwith.
You're watching
"Gaiam Inspirations."
I'm Lisa Garr.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back to
"Gaiam Inspirations."
I'm Lisa Garr.
And my guest is Michael
Bernard Beckwith
from the Agape International
Spiritual Center.
And we're talking
about-- before the break,
I asked Michael about
what do you expect
to come in all the prophecies
that are set for 2012
and all the fear
that we're hearing
in the media and the
movies and all that.
What is the truth?
>>BECKWITH: Well,
as I was saying,
you've seen a sweet shift
happened over the last 30
years, and that's
going to continue.
It's just going to
be the heightened.
Whenever an
individual-- I'll deal
with it on an
individual level first.
Whenever an
individual meditates,
a moment of meditation means
you've gone out of time.
So when people are talking
about the end of time,
they're talking about
a group of people--
there's enough
people because you
asked this earlier
about numbers.
That means is enough
people on the planet that
are going out of
the phase of time.
And when you go out
of the phase of time,
inspiration happens and the
next stage of evolution occurs.
So this end of the
Mayan calendar,
this particular time
in human history,
is a moment in which you have
a number of people going out
of time that allows
for the next stage
to be birthed in a very
powerful and wonderful way.
Again, things won't
happen overnight,
but you'll see the subtle
shifts, particularly
people who have eyes to
see and ears to hear.
You'll see subtle
shifts on the planet.
The destruction and the
dissolution of systems
that don't work
and in the emerging
of systems that are more
sustainable and more blissful.
That's the stage
we're in right now.
So--
>>LISA: That is the stage.
How long does that stage last?
>>BECKWITH: We're
talking about hundreds
of years of unfoldment.
But major-- you think right now
things that are anathema to us,
slavery, child abuse.
A number of years
ago, they were normal.
It was normal to work a kid.
It was normal for
people to have slaves.
women to not vote.
That's changed within
a short period of time.
So now, the next stretch, you
have the rise of the feminine.
You have the women now rising up
in their power and their love.
You have the masculine
and feminine energy
being more balanced.
So you're looking
at a whole new world
in a very short period of time.
>>LISA: Do you think that
we'll see a female president
at some point?
>>BECKWITH: I hope so.
>>LISA: Just a random question.
I really never
heard the meditation
described as going
into a different time.
>>BECKWITH: There's no time.
>>LISA: That's interesting.
>>BECKWITH: Time is
a mental construct
that bends back upon itself.
It's the measure of experience.
But it doesn't really
exist as an absolute.
The past, the present,
and the future
are happening simultaneously.
So when you have a moment of
meditation, you not in time
anymore.
You're in eternity.
And eternity is not a long time.
Eternity simply is.
>>LISA: I've been really
working on creating
in that space of timelessness.
>>BECKWITH: Yes.
>>LISA: Because when you create
where there is no linear time,
it's boundless.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
Nonlinear dynamics
show that there's
a time-- the eternal
now is right here.
It's right now.
And in the moment of
insight, a moment of prayer,
moment of meditation,
really, you're not in time.
And great artists,
great composers,
great choreographers, great
architects, great healers
catch the eternal and then
bring the eternal into time.
So you'll see a masterpiece
that brings awe to you.
But actually, you're seeing the
eternal, breaking into time.
You see.
You'll see a great athlete,
going into the zone.
It's the eternal,
breaking into time.
So imagine, now,
you have Gaiam TV.
You have all these other books
and artists and people teaching
in their own particular
way, bringing people
into this sweet space.
What's going to happen?
Eternity is going
to break into time
at an exponentially greater way.
And so life will change.
The possibilities that lie
within us, the Genius Code that
lies within us
will be activated.
And you'll see art,
beauty, right education,
the unfoldment of the soul.
It's beginning to happen.
>>LISA: You paint such a
beautiful vision of the future.
And I do believe
it is also here.
>>BECKWITH: It's here and now.
And when you start
the program by saying,
that years ago I
caught a vision that
led me to be a point of
founding of this Agape
Center for that vision.
That's what I saw.
And that's what I see.
So I don't hold the doom
and gloom vibration.
I'm not saying the birth
is going to be pretty.
I'm not saying birth is
not going to be intense.
not going to be messy.
But there will be
a beautiful birth.
>>LISA: Birth of this
new civilization.
>>BECKWITH: Yes.
>>LISA: This new--
Ageless.
But we have to consciously
participate in it.
That's the caveat.
We have to consciously
participate.
It's not going to just happen.
Because 2012 happens, and
December 21 takes place--
>>LISA: We're not
going to wake up,
and it will be
the angel singing.
>>BECKWITH: No.
No.
>>LISA: So let's talk about
the practicality of it
because you bring that into--
when you talk about the light
visioning process, and you talk
about how to really take us
kind of on a stair step to the
next level, to that unfoldment
that you're talking about.
What is the basis of the book?
And you have a whole
video that you've done,
a DVD on spiritual--
>>BECKWITH: There's
a set of six CDs
and another set of two
CDs with a workbook.
And the book is called
"Life Visioning."
>>LISA: The film is actually,
the DVD's also on Gaiam TV.
>>BECKWITH: That's
"Spiritual Liberation."
>>LISA: That's "Spiritual-- OK.
Got it.
>>BECKWITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: It's all good.
>>BECKWITH: It's a
lot of good work.
It
>>LISA: Is a lot of good work.
OK.
So--
>>BECKWITH: But in the
life visioning process,
which is how I founded
Agape, I used the life
visioning process.
Basically, you establish a
field of unconditional love.
We've all tasted it to a degree.
Somebody's loved us
without any conditions.
Regardless of whatever condition
we were in, they loved us,
maybe a grandparent.
It may have been friend.
If we've never felt that,
we have to imagine it.
But we establish a field
of unconditional love.
And then, we ask a question.
What is God's idea of
itself as our life?
Or another way of asking it
is, what is it that within me
that's seeking to
emerge by means of me?
Now, the interesting
thing is that the universe
answers any questions
that you ask.
However, many people ask
disempowering questions.
>>LISA: Such as?
>>BECKWITH: Why me?
What's wrong?
Who's to blame?
People stay at that level.
But if you raise it
up and say, what's
trying to emerge through me?
You start to get
into intuitive hits
about your own soul
that's seeking to unfold.
So in the life
visioning process,
we learn how to ask that
question and be still enough
and develop the
listening capacity
to hear with the inner ear.
Then, once we're able
to articulate the vision
to a degree, that's
just stage one and two.
Third stage is, we
have to ask, what
is it that I must
become in order
to manifest the vision that
I'm now learning to articulate.
Now, that's our growing edge.
That means, we're starting to
see where we need to change,
where we need to take
personal self-responsibility
for our own life.
Habits we need to drop.
Habits we need to develop.
Gifts we need to cultivate.
Where must I grow?
You see?
>>LISA: Have you ever
noticed that people
come into the community,
and they act a certain way.
And they believe.
And they love the
messages, but there's
a disconnect when life
happens, when they go back
to the job and the stress.
How do you bridge that gap?
>>BECKWITH: It's like
an Olympic athlete.
You have to practice.
You don't just suddenly
one day wake up
and run the 100-yard
dash in under 10 seconds.
It's a day by day practice
that allows for the potential
to come forward.
Whether you're an
artist or whether you're
a singer, a piano
player, whatever it is,
you have to practice.
So you have the theory.
You have a belief.
Now, the belief is what I call
an operational placeholder
for practice and insight.
You believe that all
things are possible.
You believe there's
a vision within you.
But now, you have to
have a level of practice.
So a life visioning
process helps
you practice so
that you're provided
with ultimately an insight.
And then, you start to
embody that insight.
You start to grow.
So what happens is,
there's people that come.
And they get excited about it.
But when they realize
that you're not
going to ride to heaven on the
coattails of someone else--
>>LISA: Yeah.
Right.
>>BECKWITH: And there's
not magical thinking.
It's not wishful thinking.
And you actually have
to do some inner work.
Then, there's a group
that drops off there.
And then--
>>LISA: You have to stop
the conversations also.
>>BECKWITH: Yes.
The chatter.
>>LISA: The negative chatter.
And the surrounding
yourself with people
that support the
negative chatter
and being a part of that
conversation as well.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: I notice that as
I grew spiritually that
my set of friends
completely changed.
>>BECKWITH: As you change,
the vibrational match changes.
So then you have
another group of people
that match who you are today.
>>LISA: Yes.
Yes.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Yeah.
And I realized that I was
a part of that conversation
in the past because that
was where I was resonating,
in complaint or in victimhood.
And that was the
poverty consciousness
I was creating within
my spirit at the time.
And of course,
that set of friends
was that vibrational match,
and as I grew spiritually,
I couldn't have this
conversation with those people.
And it hurt because I was
losing friends and having
confrontations.
And it was uncomfortable.
>>BECKWITH: And that's
part of the messy birth
on an individual level.
What you're describing
there is the transformation
takes place individually.
So going back to your previous
question on the global sense,
that's what happens globally.
That as more and more people
are coming into an intention
to grow, develop,
and unfold, then,
the world changes and things,
systems that used to work,
no longer work.
Things that used
to be sustainable,
no longer sustainable.
You see?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>BECKWITH: So in that
third stage, we're saying,
what must we become.
And then, we ask what gifts
do we already have to share.
And then, we ask,
what must I let
go of that no longer
serves where I'm going?
All of these are
questions that allow
us to take the responsibility
for our own life.
And as you've indicated, when
people realize, oh, my God.
I've got to change.
>>LISA: Yes.
Yes.
>>BECKWITH: Or when
an issue comes up,
and they think, oh, it was a lot
better when I had problems when
I could anesthetize myself with
shopping, happy hour, whatever
the drug of choice is.
>>LISA: And you could
never told me at that time
that I was attracting the bad
situations I was in because
of me.
>>BECKWITH: Right.
>>LISA: Because I was attracting
the wrong business partner,
or I was attracting the
wrong set of circumstances.
You could have never
told me that was
me that was attracting that.
>>BECKWITH: Yeah.
Because you weren't to blame.
Ignorance is always to blame.
It's never the individual.
It's just that an
individual doesn't know.
And so I look at those
particular things
as initiation, rather than
you made a horrible mistake.
Or if something bad
happened to you as a kid.
Those are points of initiations
where you get to learn
and activate certain
gifts within you,
certain talents,
certain strengths
that that particular condition
is bringing out of you.
>>LISA: I love
that, initiations.
That's a good way
of looking back.
And I'm able to look back now.
I have a different
perspective on all of it now.
And so this space
I'm in now is what
you call spiritual liberation.
This is what you
call that place where
I have freedom to be really
truly authentically who I am.
And not afraid of it,
not preachy about it,
but just to be it.
>>BECKWITH: Right.
You're not-- when you start
to touch spiritual liberation,
you're not just
free from something.
In the beginning,
people are just
trying to get free
from something.
I want to get free from hate.
I want to get free from fear.
I want to get free from lack.
But as you begin
to grow, it's more
of a freedom to be something.
So it's a freedom to be
rather than freedom from.
And in spiritual liberation,
now your pulled by a vision.
One of the things that I
teach in spiritual liberation
and in life visioning
is that we're pulled.
We're pushed by pain until
we're pulled by a vision.
And so once liberation
starts to happen within you,
you start to be more
pulled by a vision
rather than pushed by pain.
So even though there still
maybe pain in your life,
the world of phenomena
is still doing its thing,
you're vision is what
wakes you up every morning.
>>LISA: That's
where I see we are
at the culture is that there's
still the push by paint.
There's civil unrest
in the Middle East.
There's natural disasters.
There's devastation
all around us.
But there's a vision that is
calling, that is in the future.
It's here, and we get
glimpses of it now.
But then, how do you
suggest that we do deal
with that civil unrest
and the bombings and--
>>BECKWITH: Well,
first of all, there
is-- that type of cantankerous
behavior is in the Middle East,
but it's also in other
parts of the world.
We focus-- that's where we
on focus all the time, what's
happening with Palestine and
Israel and the Middle East.
But we can go to
parts of Africa.
We can go to the Congo.
We can go all around
the world and find
very similar kind
of civil unrest.
So it's happening.
However, if you look back at
the arc of human civilization,
we have less wars on the planet
now than any time in history,
less war than any
time in human history.
So something has shifted.
So we're putting
a magnifying glass
on where the negativity is.
And we're forgetting that this
is the greatest time we've ever
experience as a human race.
But we have greater technology,
so we can see the negativity.
So you're asking, how
do we deal with that?
OK.
>>LISA: Right.
Thank you for that
perspective though.
But yes.
How do we deal with it?
>>BECKWITH: So first of all,
from the individual level,
we have to ask ourselves,
where is the Middle East
raging in my mind?
Where are the land mines
of hate, unforgiveness?
Where am I holding grudges?
Where am I lacking
compassion and not
seeing the other's perspective
and other's perception?
Where am I totally right,
and the other person
is totally wrong?
And so it begins individually.
And then, from the
individual level,
it goes to the family level.
From family level, it
goes to our neighborhood,
moves to our community,
moves to our city,
our state, our nations.
So that ultimately
there's a vibration
where dialogue can take place.
If you take individuals that
are in conflict-- whether it's
Middle East, whether it's
Congo, wherever it was,
the devastation that occurred
in Rwanda few years ago.
--and you put people on
so-called either sides
in a circle, and
you let one side
listen to the inner
circle, talk about how
they've been abused
and victimized
and the people they've lost
and the deaths, this group
would resonate and
start to have compassion
about hearing their stories,
if they would listen.
Then, you put this
group on the other side
and have them listen.
And then, they would
start to have compassion.
They would start to walk in,
as our Native American brothers
say, they would walk a mile in
the other person's moccasins.
And when you're in tight
conflict, you don't do that.
Now, when you look at the
things around the world, even
the Middle East,
there are people
on the ground that
are very peacekeeping,
peace-loving beings.
You won't see that in the news.
>>LISA: Oh, that's true.
>>BECKWITH: You see the staunch
conservative individuals
that are in leadership,
basically maintaining
their particular point of view.
You don't see the individuals
that are on the ground,
working with each other,
building community, providing
the context for the unfoldment
of a way to work through this.
And oftentimes, as in
any cases such as this,
there are forces that like
to keep people separated.
>>LISA: Do you know of
those organizations?
Are you part of them?
Have you spoken to them?
I've interviewed a
few of them but--
>>BECKWITH: At sometime,
some of the individuals who
have these really wonderful
schools have come to Agape,
and we've hosted them.
And I've had some of
them on my radio program.
And they talk about the
wonderful gatherings
and the powerful
celebrations that occur.
>>LISA: The stuff we don't see.
>>BECKWITH: That
should be on the news.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>BECKWITH: That should
be on the news every week.
This celebration occurred
right in the middle of Israel.
This celebration occurred right
in the middle of Palestine.
And these people got together.
And these are the
people they healed.
And this was the
forgiveness that took place.
Now, if that was
focused on more,
then the hate and unforgiveness
would be magnified.
>>LISA: That.
>>BECKWITH: Yes.
>>LISA: Yes.
If there was a news
program called,
"The Greatest Way
to Self-healing
Is to Help Others."
How about that?
>>BECKWITH: Right.
Absolutely.
>>LISA: And then see what it
created, is created from that.
It's-- absolutely we have--
>>BECKWITH: You
create possibilities
where there seems to be no way,
where things are intractable,
and there's no way this
is going to change.
When we start to see the
field the possibilities then,
out of nothing
something happens.
And that's every great
invention, every great work
of art, every great
song has come out
of nothing, out of no thing.
So every great social movement
has come from an idea.
You see?
>>LISA: You have the
perspective of seeing
a lot of different
social movements
and a lot of different
organizations
out there doing the good work.
Do you ever see
in the future all
of those organizations
coming together?
Or are they already on a
different plane really?
>>BECKWITH: Well, I think
that's the next stage.
The next stage of
our evolution is
collaboration and
evolutionary alignments.
So that the organizations
that are strong
in and of themselves--
because you
have to be strong in
and of yourself first
to collaborate
with other strong.
I think that's the
next evolutionary arc.
So individuals that are
about peacemaking instead
of seeing each
other as competitors
for nonprofit
dollars, they start
to collaborate more on
the major issues of life.
Or those who are
serving the homeless.
Instead of seeing each
other as competitors
for nonprofit dollars, they
start to work closer together.
And so spiritual organizations,
instead of seeing competitors
for followers and things
of that particular nature,
they see themselves coming
together and working together.
You see this a lot with
different conferences now.
Where you have all
the spiritual teachers
in one room celebrating each
other and cross-pollination.
>>LISA: Just as we saw
the mergers in the 80s,
maybe we'll see the mergers
of the nonprofits now to start
to grow and make themselves
bigger and have a bigger--
>>BECKWITH: Right.
And not like cancer where
it just becomes amorphous.
But everyone maintaining
their identity
but supporting and
loving each other
and celebrating each
other and positively
gossiping about each other.
>>LISA: A supporting each other.
Absolutely.
We have a clip of the
film, the DVD that's
also available on Gaiam TV.
"Spiritual Liberation."
Let's take a look at that.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>BECKWITH: Just
think about this.
That, what if you
becoming awake?
What if you become involved?
What if you, what if the world
depended upon you waking up?
And I say, it does.
Agape.
It's a Greek word that
means unconditional love.
Dr. Martin Luther King,
Jr. described agape
as the love of God operating
in the human heart.
We believe that we're here
to wake up to our true nature
in being.
And then, participate fully in
the society in which we live.
This has been going
on for over 21 years,
and it feels as though that
we're just getting started.
By the title, you're
aware that the book
is about spiritual liberation.
Not religiosity but liberation.
It's about unlocking the
gifts and the beauty,
the intelligence, the
capacity within us,
along with spiritual
practices, that
set us free to become
more ourselves.
There is an
evolutionary impulsive
that governs the universe.
Some call it God.
Some call it life itself.
We're at a stage
of our unfoldment
where we can consciously
practice, consciously
participate in
our own evolution,
in our own unfoldment.
And as we wake up,
we can be individuals
who are pulling society further
so that your awakening not
only affects you and your
family and your associations,
but your awakening
affects the entire planet.
We're all connected.
When people ask, how do
I practice my belief?
I have to, first of
all, say, your belief
leads you to a
level of practice.
I believe we're
connected to life.
Therefore, I meditate every day.
I pray every day.
That prayer allows me to have
an insight and a revelation
into a deeper dimension
of my own being.
Which then does what?
Allows me to be more creative
and to be of greater service.
So belief becomes insight,
becomes creativity,
becomes service.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: Yes.
Yes.
Watching that makes you
feel something, doesn't it?
>>BECKWITH: Oh, yes.
What happens, it's
like [BUZZING SOUND].
>>LISA: What do you think?
What do you feel
when you see that?
>>BECKWITH: It was
something I said.
Just, the energy just started
flowing through my body.
>>LISA: Did it?
>>BECKWITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: In what way?
>>BECKWITH: It's just
like an energy jolt.
And it's just, the
flood gate opens up.
>>LISA: That's what
I was talking about.
That was that moment
I see you channel
that I see your
vibration change.
And, oh, the rhythm,
the tonality.
You get into that.
>>BECKWITH: It just takes over.
Somebody--
>>LISA: It does.
>>BECKWITH: I went to my call
in therapist the other day.
And they wanted put me on
because they had just been
at Agape the day before, and
they wanted to put it on.
I said, no.
Don't put in on while I'm here.
I need my body, I need my
body to rest for a moment.
If that comes on, I'm
going to be activated.
It's going to--
>>LISA: Actually, let's
talk about your health.
You have taken your health
to a whole other level.
I know that you have
many demands put
on you from all you're creating.
So you-- I say a whole movie.
Juicing in the morning.
You-- what is your lifestyle?
>>BECKWITH: Right.
Well, I wake up.
I do my yoga.
I go to the gym.
I come back I. Do my green
drink for the family.
I do my meditation in
between there as well.
>>LISA: And then, it's 7:00 AM.
>>BECKWITH: Well, I'm
at the gym by 7:00.
And then, I'm at the office.
And then, there's a
time during the day
for meditation and prayer.
And in the evening, I do
my second round of yoga.
>>LISA: Is that time
held for everyone.
Is it like a--
>>BECKWITH: It is a time for
the community to meditate,
but there's a time on my
calendar for me to meditate.
It's just put into my schedule.
If you don't write it
down, then, your demands
in your schedule and your to do
lists are going to overrun it.
And you're going to say, well,
I've got to have this meeting,
and I got to do this.
I got to get this done.
You won't stop.
>>LISA: The mind
chatter will go then.
>>BECKWITH: Yeah.
And so I've said-- a couple of
months ago, I said, to Agape,
I did a talk on SYBD which means
sit your butt down and just
stop during the day and sit your
butt down and have that moment.
And I talked about
the fact that we all
have a social contract
with each other.
And that is, just as you
have a social contract
to shower and to
brush your teeth
and be clean before you go
out and meet the public,
you have a social contract
to connect with the divine
before you walk out of your
house or people won't meet you.
They're going to meet
your unresolved issues.
They're going to
meet your fears.
meet your doubts.
They're going to
meet your anxieties.
They're going to meet your
undigested issues that you've
had with your friends or
family and associates.
And you end up spewing
things out at the wrong time.
And so you have to sit your
butt down so that people
get to meet you and
not your issues.
So that's a social contract
that those on the path, I'm
inviting people to
raise their level up
to think not just
about themselves
selfishly to pray and
meditate but to say,
OK, I'm going to have
to meet people today.
Do I want them to
meet the real me,
or do I want them to meet the
anxiousness and the fear that
may have gotten lodged in there?
>>LISA: And then, you do that
as a refresher during the day
as well?
>>BECKWITH: Oh, yeah.
I don't call it a refresher, but
it is the pause that refreshes.
>>LISA: Well, because you
meets different energies
during the day and different
things will light you up and so
forth.
I think that's a
great idea, yeah,
to have that moment because
I'll get knocked off
my course by one or two things.
>>BECKWITH: The world
this is spinning fast.
And the world of phenomena
is always changing.
So you have to be able to go
that still place where you
touch the changeless
so that that--
>>LISA: The changeless?
>>BECKWITH: The changeless.
The presence of God and
of love is changeless.
It's timeless.
It's dimensionless.
It's now.
An all change takes
place within it.
And it's infinite
and always unfolding,
so you have to go to
where the changeless is.
So that when changes happen,
they don't knock you off.
>>LISA: And when things
don't go the way that they're
supposed to and what not,
then you go back to that place
where everything is divine.
>>BECKWITH: It's like
there's an old Zen statement
that I have in my book, "40
Day Mine Fast Soul Feast"
that you can't prevent the birds
from flying around your head.
But you can prevent them from
making a nest in your hair.
And so you can't prevent
all of the negativity
and the negative thoughts
and the negative thinking
and gossip and all this
stuff going on in the world.
>>LISA: Around you.
>>BECKWITH: But
you can prevent it
from landing in your awareness
if you sit your butt down.
>>LISA: Beautifully said.
Beautifully said.
I asked Michael if he would
do just a few moments of us,
to rise us up, to
bring it to this place
of spiritual unfoldment,
of spiritual liberation.
And he agreed to just,
for a few minutes,
do a little bit of what
happens at Agape with us here.
>>BECKWITH: You mean in prayer.
>>LISA: Yes, in prayer for you.
For you listening.
You get a moment to
experience this joy.
Yes.
>>BECKWITH: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Thank you.
>>BECKWITH: Those of
you tuning in, we just
turn within in this moment.
And with the full
awareness that there's
no separation between us and
the great God of the universe,
the great power, the great
presence, the great love,
the great intelligence that
is everywhere in its fullness.
With a full awareness
that our life
is an emanation of the
only life that there is.
I know, as I am connected with
this divine life right now,
that the very word that
I'm speaking, is its law.
It not tarry with yesterday.
It does not resist anything.
It only knows its
own fulfillment.
And I speak this word now for
each and every individual that
is watching this program,
knowing that where they are,
the fullness of life is.
And this divine
life is so coursing
through their spiritual veins.
The divine and compelling
right action, divine wisdom,
guidance, and direction,
unfolding enthusiasm
and abundance is now
the order of their day.
And anything whatsoever that
would hinder, block, delay,
or deny this is now dissolved
into the no-thing-ness
from which it has come,
never to exist again.
And we are free.
This is what is being
set in motion right now.
Something wonderful
is happening.
And we are now available to more
good than we can even imagine.
And our personal
law is now changing.
I see it.
And I give thanks for it.
It is so.
And so it is.
Amen.
>>LISA: Yes it is.
Yes it is.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for that timelessness,
that space, that freedom,
that is.
Thank you--
>>BECKWITH: Thank you.
>>LISA: --for giving
us the opportunity
to experience you, your what
you've created, to thank you,
to honor you, and then
to share back with us.
>>BECKWITH: Well, thank you for
having us on Agape's birthday.
>>LISA: Oh, Agape's birthday.
>>BECKWITH: Which is tomorrow.
>>LISA: Tomorrow.
>>BECKWITH: Actually,
November 30.
>>LISA: What year?
>>BECKWITH: 1986 was
our first service.
And so tomorrow is the
actual real birthday.
And they can go to
agapelive.com and sign up
for the birthday celebration.
>>LISA: Yes.
And watch it live.
And thank you, Michael
Bernard Beckwith.
And thank you.
If you want to watch
a replay of this,
go to gaiamtv.com for more
thought-provoking interviews
and so much more.
And a free trial, go
to gaiamtv.com today.
Until next time, I invite
you to stay inspired.
[THEME MUSIC]